Hello!
We present you a dynamic team game
from Blizzard Entertainment:
Heroes of the Storm.
Today we will talk about eSports.
For teams playing at a high level
it is important to first think about the composition,
synergy of heroes.
It is necessary to select the composition in such a way
so that the characters complement and reinforce each other,
and match the desired style of play.
You can take more fighters to tie the battle.
or assassins to clean unwary enemies.
Support heroes direct the course of the battle,
and experts wreak havoc throughout the map.
Good knowledge of the current map -
another factor in the selection of the team.
The ultimate goal is always the same -
destroy the enemy stronghold
but each battlefield has its own tasks
influencing tactics
to achieve victory.
For example,
in dragonland
teams are divided to take two shrines
and get a powerful knight-dragon.
In the Cursed dell
you need to stick together and fight for the gifts.
Enlist the support of the Raven Lord,
and the enemies will be forced to go on the defensive.
However remember
performance of tasks on the map -
not the only way to win.
Sometimes teams don't do tasks,
to take advantage of something else.
Not collecting gifts in the Cursed dell,
can kill more warriors on the lines
and get ahead of rivals in level.
before the next big fight.
Finally, professional teams
Do not forget about less obvious aspects.
For example, about what talents the enemy chose,
and what talents you can take in return.
Talents increase and change abilities.
Heroes study them as the game progresses.
Suppose you play heroes
who break in at the beginning of the fight -
Tyrael with "Condemnation" or Sonya with a jump.
Both of these abilities allow you to fight
and attack the weak target.
therefore
your Svetik can take the Emerald Wind,
to drop the attackers
and scatter them around.
This will allow Svetik and the defending team
turn the tide of battle in their favor
leaving 5 against 2.
Knowledge is power.
An experienced team always collects information.
about talents chosen by opponents
and opposes his own.
Serious players
will find a lot of nuances in Heroes,
one of the most important of which
is communication within the team.
Understanding what partners are doing now
and coordination with them
help to achieve goals on the map.
This is a quality professional team.
There is no "I" in Heroes of the Storm.
Remember that you are part of a team
and go to victory together.
Good luck!